Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
Well, praise the Lord.
The Lord spoke to us to have Diana do it yesterday, and I really believe she did a good job for her first video.
I was really proud of her.
I said, "Good job, babe, preaching the gospel.
" My preaching mama here.
You're a much better speaker than me.
No, hun.
You did great.
It's your first time.
So, I'm proud of you.
I just know in my heart, well, I had an open-eyed vision when I was praying.
People said, "Do you have these a lot?
" I'm telling you, they're increasing.
The spirit of the Lord, ever since I started doing these prayers with you all every day, it was dry for a while.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, I want you just to intercede and pray.
" And then all of a sudden, he's starting to show us stuff.
He's giving her dreams and visions, and he's giving me more visions.
I usually am not a real big dreamer.
But he speaks to me in these visions that I have whenever I pray.
I was interceding for my family like I always do, and the Lord opened my eyes about some things that He was going to do with Diana.
In the process, he was showing me when I was praying over my family and everything, he said, "I want to show you some other things about Neuralink and what I warned you about Elon Musk.
" We've seen Elon Musk turn a corner here saying that he's for the First Amendment, everybody.
So, he's buddying up to all the Christians, basically saying all this stuff, but I'm telling you, there will be a day when things are going to flip.
And I'm not attacking him.
Okay?
People go, "You're attacking him.
" No, I'm not.
There will be a day when the technology that he uses, whether consciously or not, will be used for evil.
I saw Neuralink being used as the technology behind it for the mark of the beast.
Because of 5G towers—they're not everywhere, I don't believe they are.
Maybe they are.
They're going to get them there, but they were not everywhere.
So the antichrist, when he rules and reigns over the earth, he will rule over everything.
The satellites, Starlink—there are literally, I believe, hundreds of them in the sky now.
But when this takes place, there will be a lot more, and it provides internet signal throughout the whole world, and it's controlled by computers.
So when Starlink happens, it will be able to communicate to the chips from Neuralink made by the same man, same companies, same everything.
Neuralink and Starlink will be like buddies.
And when they inject that chip inside of your hand or your forehead, it will communicate to the internet up above the Earth's atmosphere with Starlink.
And when this covers the whole earth, they will be able to track you with the drones flying over, telling where people are with the internet signal.
You all don't know how much is coming, but I'm trying to warn you.
The technology is all getting in place for the beast system, for a cashless society.
When I brought out about the BRICS bringing out for the new cashless system, for a new digital platform to go against the dollar, I prophesied that that was going to happen.
Well, all this is getting set up for crypto, for digital CBDCs, and all the things that are going to be linked to it.
That's going to be linked to that chip, which is going to be linked to Starlink, which is going to be linked into a one-world currency.
It's all like dominoes, and people, you don't understand how close we are to Jesus coming.
If you're not born again, you should be scared spitless.
If you are not serving the Lord Jesus Christ and you have one foot in the world and one foot with Jesus, you are in trouble.
It is not a time of compromise.
It is a time that we should have our eyes lifted up because our redemption is drawing nigh.
It's time to wake up and know that Jesus Christ is coming.
Well, I'm telling you, I saw.
I had a vision, and the Lord started talking to me about the Nephilim.
I'm telling you, I saw—this is where I'm going—it's just like stepping on something, folks.
I saw Elon Musk, and I saw a demonic shadow behind him of a Nephilim technology.
It was influencing him.
I do not want to call him Nephilim because they're giants, right?
But there is like a hybrid.
He has hybrid thinking.
That's just the way I saw it in the spirit, that this was a mind that was hybrid.
I don't know if he is a hybrid.
I just know that there's something about this man that is getting these ideas the way he's able to do it, and he is backed by the Lord backing him because that stuff has to come to pass, or what, because you know Bible prophecy is going to come to pass regardless because the Bible says it will.
So this mind that he has that is bringing forth Starlink, bringing forth the chips, bringing forth all the stuff is thinking that is beyond anybody who I've ever seen before.
The ideas of the electric cars and his mind—it's just—does anybody else agree with this?
He thinks in a way that is not normal.
And all of a sudden, now he's the cheerleader for freedom of speech.
So all these people are liking him and he's like, "I'm your buddy.
I'm your pal.
Follow me.
" And everybody's like, "Well, he's on the good side.
" And I pray he is, folks.
But don't be deceived.
He's on the good side, he's for helping Trump, he's giving him billions of dollars and everything.
And maybe the guy really genuinely is good.
So I don't want to judge his character because I don't know him.
I just know that he is helping get forth the beast system.
Does that make sense?
It's not attacking him.
Maybe the Lord will use whoever he has to because the Bible prophecy is going to happen.
So I always want to be careful because you don't want to add to or take away from anything.
But I saw a dark demonic spirit behind it.
And it had humongous, huge horns that look like huge, huge horns.
And I heard Nephilim.
And I went, "What in the world?
" because in the vision, I thought, "Oh no, surely he's not Nephilim.
" I don't know.
As I said, you can't add to or take away from anything.
I just see it.
Then you try to reason in your mind in the spirit what you're seeing.
But I heard the word Nephilim.
Then I saw a dark thing behind him and then I saw all the things tentacling out from his mind of what he was doing to bring forth all these things.
It was shocking, and I told my wife, "Diana, all the things the Lord showed me, even when the Lord took me in tribulation, it's coming to pass.
It's happening.
" And we're going to start to see aliens, fallen angels—not real aliens—a great deception.
And people say, "Do you believe in aliens?
" No, I don't.
I believe in fallen angels.
I believe what the Bible says.
And the Bible warns us that all these things are going to come.
And so you all need to know we're going to start to see some stuff.
So that's what I had for you about Elon Musk.
I thought it was kind of interesting what I saw in the spirit about him with that big devil behind him.
But let's just pray.
I don't get into all the darkness, but I just want to tell you all we're getting close to Jesus coming.
I want to encourage you to keep your eyes to the skies; Jesus Christ is coming.
It's exciting times, folks, but it's time to get radical for Jesus and get your heart and your lamps full of oil, seeking him daily and being excited about his coming.
We're going to pray for that.
We'll pray real quick, then we'll dismiss and start again tomorrow.
Let's pray.
Father, I thank you.
Do you have anything on your heart to pray for?
No, just the elections.
Father, we thank you for the elections.
We thank you that this will be a time of the people rising up and voting godly.
We say in the name of Jesus: Satan, you will not cause all the havoc and torment that you're doing in the nation right now with people burning boxes and ballots.
Father, we come against this spirit of rioting and destruction that's already trying to rear its head before the vote has even been counted.
We come against that spirit right now in the name of Jesus and we say, 'Satan, stop it now.
' We call peace over the election and over this nation.
We say you will not cause rioting, looting, plundering, or any distractions with terrorist attacks, burning ballots, threats, or any kind of terrorist activity.
We come against it in the name of Jesus and call peace over our voting areas and neighborhoods.
Devil, you will not do this.
We plead the blood of Jesus and hold it against you.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels.
We thank you for Psalm 91 and Psalm 23, where you said you sent your angels to keep charge over us and they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Father, we put a bloodline around our voting areas, voting booths, and neighborhoods so that no weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We say there is no plot, no plan, and nothing wicked trying to steal any election.
We call forth a righteous vote in the name of Jesus and that there would be no robbery, corruption, or scandals.
Father, I thank you that this will be a time of the righteous rising up.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ that all fraudulent ballots are found.
Every legal vote will count.
It's a free nation where people can vote how they want, but not illegally.
Father, we thank you that people will hear the true heart of America.
This will not be a rigged thing; it will be right, and we'll know exactly where America stands.
Their eyes will be opened; the people will know.
Father, we believe the eyes of the people will not be blinded by race, gender, or party, but will be guided by what the Holy Spirit tells them in the voting box.
They will know what your heart is for this nation, not by gender, race, or party, but by the Spirit of the Lord rising up inside of them saying, 'Vote this way.
' The things they're trying to cover up will be exposed.
Angels are going on assignment right now in the name of Jesus.
You are moving on our behalf and causing it to come to pass.
Every evil plot the devil has in store, Father, you will turn it around for good in our favor.
We will not have a turnout of demonic or illegal voting; it will all be by your hand.
Father, I thank you that you would part the sea for America just as you did for the children of Israel.
We will walk upon dry ground to the other side while Pharaoh is left behind.
I thank you, Father, that all hidden things are revealed.
I call for favor over Ted Cruz.
I thank you that Ted Cruz will win by a landslide in the name of Jesus and that all hidden things concerning him be revealed.
Father, I pray a blessing over Kari Lake right now.
Kari Lake rises up and people are going to vote for Kari Lake by a landslide in Jesus' name.
Is that who's over Arizona?
Because that just rose up inside of me to pray for her.
We call forth Kari Lake to be blessed.
Let's pray for Kari Lake right now; I just saw it in the spirit realm.
Father, we praise you and call forth breakthrough for Kari Lake right now in the name of Jesus.
Do not get discouraged.
We call for her to have a backbone and be strong.
Do not give up even after Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday.
I see them trying to delay.
Keep on keeping on; you must have a fighter mentality.
It will be so close, resulting in a recount of the Democrats fighting this.
We call forth boldness over Kari Lake right now.
In the name of Jesus, we speak that she will have strong courage.
She is a warrior who will keep fighting and not let go.
When they try to block her, the righteous rise up.
I call for help for her—people set in position to help her.
Father, send strategic people, including judges, to ensure this thing is not robbed from her.
I thank you, Lord, that there are strategic people around her right now, including judges involved in this decision-making.
We call forth judges to rise up for fairness—not liberal judges, but those who are equally fair and not bound by a party line.
We pray over the heart of the judge right now in the name of Jesus.
We say, 'Satan, get your hands off that heart and mind.
' I bind you in the name of Jesus; get out of there so that the judge will be able to function and think freely, making good decisions and not being influenced by demonic spirits, having clarity of mind.
I see clearly into it.
Father, I thank you that all hidden ballots will be revealed.
The recount will be very close, but we pray you widen the margin for Kari Lake to win.
We call forth a wider margin in the name of Jesus.
We call forth a wider margin in the name of Jesus, by 200,000 votes.
Widen the margin; I see the number 200,000.
Over the counties, we call the red votes in.
We thank you, Lord, today.
We thank you, Lord, for today.
We thank you, Lord, that there is a turning point right now, that this is pushing it in the spirit.
Father, we will have the victory.
We lasso that victory in and we bring it in in Jesus' name.
The victory is ours.
We pray, Father, that Kari Lake has peace that passes all understanding.
She takes the land.
Father, we stand in the gap for her.
We stand and fight the battle.
We will not lose; we will not cower down.
She will have a backbone; she will not cower down.
We pray for her right now.
We lift her up and her family.
She will have confidence.
Even the workers surrounding her, from the smallest to the biggest helping her: do not fold.
Now, Father, we thank you, Lord, for all of Nevada.
We pray over these places, Pennsylvania.
We pray, Father, that there is a turnover over Colorado.
We call for Colorado to turn red in Jesus' name.
And Minnesota, you will turn red in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father, that Ilhan Omar, the one over there, is removed.
We thank you that she is removed, that she will not have a seat anymore.
The district that is righteous will rise up in Jesus' name; she will be removed.
We call forth the other one, the troublemaker that is in New York, to be removed.
We thank you, Lord, that she is removed also, Father, and that a righteous person would rise up.
Father, I thank you that even Nancy Pelosi would be removed and a righteous person would take her place, too.
And Schumer would go home and be moved out of the way.
I don't know if his position is up, but Father, I thank you that you would remove Schumer in Jesus' name, and that a righteous person would take his place.
All these people that have been troublemakers, may they retire and go home.
We thank you, Lord, for supernatural victory in every area of these elections.
God, we thank you, Lord, for it is for such a time as this.
I believe there are many of us praying, and I believe we have the victory in Jesus' name.
There is no terrorist attack; nothing comes near.
There is protection over the election and over America.
Angels are now taking charge, and there is war.
With swords and shields drawn, they are watching over us.
I thank you, Lord, that we are always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what God has called us to do.
It is time for victory and for us to have revival.
If you are new here, welcome.
We believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
We are not ashamed of it.
We believe in praying in other tongues, praying forth mysteries out of our spirit in our heavenly language.
Every single one of you can pray in the unknown tongue.
Read Acts chapter 2 and find the book 'Why Tongues' by Kenneth Hagin.
Read that book by Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin, and it will bless you.
If you say the prayer in that book, you will be baptized in the Holy Spirit, speaking in tongues and fire.
If you are new here, please like our videos, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
It is what gets the gospel spread throughout the whole world.
People are being born again, saved, healed, and delivered.
We talked to a lady at the church who was radically healed at a tent revival after seven surgeries.
Her arm got caught in a forklift, trapped between a big bag of rice.
It almost ripped her arm out of the socket and completely off her body.
After seven surgeries, she could not lift her hand above her head, but by the power of God, she was raising her hand in church.
It was amazing to see an arm that was almost completely ripped off.
God is so good; it is just the beginning.
We stand by Jesus the healer, the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Thank you for joining us today.
We hope it blessed you.
This is stuff that we needed to say and pray.
That prayer for Kari Lake was definitely necessary.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.